Security Center
Action needed
Improve the security of your business portfolio by taking recommended actions.
Description of risk
Recommendation to lower risk
No trusted domains added to peer approval
Cyber attackers often run ads with untrusted website domains and these ads may be published without requiring a review by another person.
Add trusted domains to your business portfolio.
1 ad account without peer approval ad account security
Cyber attackers often run unauthorized ads and these ads may be published without requiring a review by another person.
Review the protection levels and add trusted users for all ad accounts.
Action completed
Description
Full control access limited to 10 or fewer users
0 users inactive 90 days or more
0 ad accounts owned by your business inactive a year or more
0 ad accounts owned by others inactive a year or more
0 users without two-factor authentication
0 users with public domains from free email service providers
0 users detected with possible malware
0 shared credit lines detected with suspicious activity
Two-Factor Authentication
Two-factor authentication makes it harder for others to gain access to your business portfolio and take control of your assets. For more information, go to the help center.
Who's required to turn on two-factor authentication?
No one
​
Business Verification
Select your verification use case
App requires access to permissions on Meta for Developers
​
Verification for SwipeRight Apps Aotearoa
To access certain Meta products, your organization must be verified.

Eligible for verification
Add another admin
You’re the only business admin. Add another admin to help if you get locked out of your account.
Peer Approval
People can try to access your business and control your assets through certain actions, like adding an admin, sharing a credit line, or publishing an ad.
Double checking these actions is a simple but powerful way to protect your business. We highly recommend that you require these actions to be
Domain security
Require ads to use trusted website domains for all landing pages.
Ad account security
Require certain ads to be approved, like those by a new employee or above a certain budget.
Campaign labels (tags)
Custom campaign labels (tags) help you quickly identify your ad campaigns and better understand the charges on your invoices.
You can show campaign labels when creating ad campaigns, but by default they're hidden. They're always shown in Campaigns list view as tags.
Show campaign labels when creating ad campaigns?