ROAM App — Full Code Audit

Architecture Overview
What's been built is a solid full-stack app: React/Vite frontend, Express 5 backend, PostgreSQL via Drizzle ORM, Supabase Auth as primary identity, Socket.io + Supabase Realtime for messaging, Stripe for payments, and Capacitor already configured for App Store submission. The core adventure matching fingerprint engine is server-side only — good. The app is further along than most people think when they look at a prototype.

🔴 Critical Issues — Fix Before Launch
1. Hardcoded Supabase Project URL in source code
Both server/supabaseAdmin.ts and client/src/lib/supabase.ts hardcode https://znqbnldsalsfpraiplxz.supabase.co directly in the files. This is in your git history permanently. While the URL itself isn't a secret, it shouldn't be hardcoded — move it to environment variables (SUPABASE_URL) so you can rotate your project without touching code.
2. Supabase anon key hardcoded in client source
client/src/lib/supabase.ts has sb_publishable_44RJuBDdm7vJx4XfeHzMpg_MeSjC1Ay hardcoded. The anon key is designed to be public-facing so this isn't a catastrophic breach, but it should live in VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY as an env var, not in committed code. Anyone who forks or clones the repo gets your live project credentials permanently embedded.
3. Stripe webhook signature bypass in development
In routes.ts lines 1286–1290, if STRIPE_PAYMENT_WEBHOOK_SECRET is not set, the webhook accepts any payload without verification:
ts} else {
  event = req.body; // ← no signature check
  console.warn("[payment-webhook] No secret — skipping signature check (dev only)");
}
This is fine for dev but dangerous if someone deploys without setting the webhook secret. Add a hard block: if no secret and not explicitly NODE_ENV=development, reject the webhook with a 400. Same issue exists on the identity webhook at line 1447.
4. Unprotected /api/users/:id/honesty endpoint
Lines 688–696 — this endpoint returns a user's honesty tier with zero authentication. Anyone can query any user's AI photo analysis score by user ID. Low severity on its own but it reveals internal scoring data and leaks user IDs are valid.
5. Unprotected /api/events/:eventId/attendees
Line 1905–1908 — returns full attendee list for any event with no auth check. Depending on what attendee data includes (names, avatars) this is a privacy issue.
6. /api/users/:id/photos has no auth
Line 520–524 — returns all photos for any user ID, unauthenticated. Should require auth and verify the requester has a match relationship with that user.
7. Password field in users table
shared/schema.ts line 14: password: text("password").notNull(). The column is called password but stores a scrypt hash. This is confusing but fine technically. More importantly — the password hash is being stored in your main users table alongside Supabase auth. With the Supabase migration, this column is legacy and should eventually be deprecated and dropped. For now ensure it's never returned in API responses — check the /api/users response (line 473) strips it correctly, which it does.

🟡 Important Issues — Fix Before Going Public
8. Admin panel relies on client-side route guards only
/admin, /admin/ads in the client router have no server-side redirect enforcement. isAdminAuthenticated is correctly checked on the API endpoints themselves, so the data is protected — but a logged-out user can still navigate to /admin in the browser and see the UI shell before any API call fails. Minor but looks unprofessional.
9. In-memory rate limiters reset on server restart
createRateLimiter uses a Map in memory. A server restart or crash clears all buckets. On Replit deployments this could happen frequently. For production, move rate limiting to Redis or use the PostgreSQL session store you already have. The login limiter (5 attempts / 15 min) is your most critical one — it currently resets on every deploy.
10. Session secret fallback
If SESSION_SECRET env var is not set, check what happens — grep shows it's used but if it defaults to something predictable that's a session forging risk. Verify it throws rather than silently defaulting.
11. migrate-to-supabase endpoint sends raw password over the wire
Line 360–380 — this endpoint accepts { email, password } in the request body to create a Supabase account for legacy users. It requires auth (good), but the raw plaintext password is transmitted in a POST body. Since this is HTTPS it's fine in transit, but log this carefully — make sure no request logging middleware is capturing request bodies in production (your logger at line 47 only logs response JSON, not request bodies — good).
12. Webhook handles subscription upgrades but no downgrade handling
The payment webhook handles checkout.session.completed for subscriptions, but there's no handler for customer.subscription.deleted or customer.subscription.updated. If a user cancels or their card fails, their tier in the DB won't downgrade. Stripe will stop billing them but they'll keep Adventurer access indefinitely.
13. passport and passport-local are in dependencies but appear unused
The auth flow uses scrypt via the custom hashPassword function and Supabase — Passport appears to be a leftover from an earlier version. Dead dependencies add attack surface and bundle weight. Remove them.

🟢 What's Done Well
Authentication architecture is solid. The dual auth system (Supabase JWT as primary, express-session as fallback, auto-migration on login) is well thought out and handles the legacy user transition cleanly. authenticateRequest correctly checks both Bearer token and session, and sensitive fields (password, stripeCustomerId, stripeSubscriptionId) are stripped from the /api/users response.
Rate limiting is comprehensive. Login (5/15min), admin login (3/30min), signup (10/hr), upload (30/hr), checkout (separate limiter) — this is better than most apps at this stage.
Webhook signature verification is there even if it has the bypass gap. The rawBody middleware is correctly wired.
Security headers are set in server/index.ts — X-Content-Type-Options, X-Frame-Options, X-XSS-Protection, Referrer-Policy, Permissions-Policy. Good baseline.
Password hashing uses scrypt (not bcrypt or MD5) with timingSafeEqual comparison — this is the right choice, cryptographically current.
Fingerprint engine is server-only. Raw overlap scores, tag weights, and vectors are never sent to clients. Users only see derived outputs. Good proprietary moat protection.
Capacitor is configured and ready. appId: "life.letsroam.app", splash screen, push notifications, status bar, keyboard handling — all wired. You're one npx cap build away from an App Store submission shell.
Schema is clean and comprehensive. Enums for tier, photo verdict, match status, ad status. All the tables we designed: users, photos, matches, messages, bucket_list, groups, group_members, group_events, ads, notifications.

📋 Priority Fix List
#IssueFileAction1Hardcoded Supabase URLsupabaseAdmin.ts, supabase.tsMove to env vars2Anon key in sourceclient/src/lib/supabase.tsVITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY3Webhook bypassroutes.ts:1286Hard reject if no secret in prod4Honesty endpoint unprotectedroutes.ts:688Add authenticateRequest5Attendees endpoint unprotectedroutes.ts:1905Add auth check6Photos endpoint unprotectedroutes.ts:520Add auth + match check7Stripe subscription cancellationroutes.ts:1280Add webhook handlers for deleted/updated8In-memory rate limitersroutes.ts:23Move to Redis/PG for persistence9Passport dead dependencypackage.jsonRemove passport, passport-local
The app is in genuinely good shape